README.md, before:

# BHaE Calculator 2.0
Between Heaven and Earth, or BHaE, is a semi-private Discord server with its own unique style of tabletop-based roleplaying. Its battle system and plot draw inspiration from Intelligent Systems' *Fire Emblem: Three Houses*; however, it is distinctly separate.\
Hosted at [https://lockeanddemosthenes.github.io/bhae-app](https://lockeanddemosthenes.github.io/bhae-app). \
Contact GitHub user lockeanddemosthenes with bugs, questions, or other comments.

## Disclaimer
BHaE is in no way affiliated with Nintendo or Intelligent Systems. All official aspects of the *Fire Emblem* franchise are copyright 1990-2022 by Nintendo and Intelligent Systems.

## Privacy Policy
The BHaE Calculator is free for all to use and browse, no signup required. If you would like to use or reference the code, please contact GitHub user lockeanddemosthenes for permission.

## Tools
- [Github Pages](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/about-github-pages)
- [React](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app)
- [React-Select](https://github.com/jedwatson/react-select)
- [React-Tooltip](https://github.com/wwayne/react-tooltip)
- [use-between](https://github.com/betula/use-between)

## Art Credits
Images for canon characters are drawn by the official artist, Chinatsu Kurahana. See the disclaimer for more information. All other sprites are drawn by myself. \
The background image is adapted from a piece of concept art from *Fire Emblem: Three Houses*. See the disclaimer for more information. \
Images for canon crests, weapons, equipment, and abilities come from or are adapted from *Fire Emblem: Three Houses*. See the disclaimer for more information.

## Features
- Automatic hit %, crit %, and damage calculations for both attacker and defender
- Searchable participant selection
- Participant dropdown menus that sort by allegiance
- Searchable combat art selection
- Combat art dropdown menus that sort by weapon type
- Hover over crest, weapon, equipment, and abilities for more info
- View stats on the same page (toggle!)

## Upcoming Features
- Gambits
- Weapon change
- Stats on a menu to the side (?)
- Improved mobile compatibility

## Available Scripts
In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`
Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`
Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`
Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

Commit message:

add deploy command to readme

README.md, after:

# BHaE Calculator 2.0
Between Heaven and Earth, or BHaE, is a semi-private Discord server with its own unique style of tabletop-based roleplaying. Its battle system and plot draw inspiration from Intelligent Systems' *Fire Emblem: Three Houses*; however, it is distinctly separate.\
Hosted at [https://lockeanddemosthenes.github.io/bhae-app](https://lockeanddemosthenes.github.io/bhae-app). \
Contact GitHub user lockeanddemosthenes with bugs, questions, or other comments.

## Disclaimer
BHaE is in no way affiliated with Nintendo or Intelligent Systems. All official aspects of the *Fire Emblem* franchise are copyright 1990-2022 by Nintendo and Intelligent Systems.

## Privacy Policy
The BHaE Calculator is free for all to use and browse, no signup required. If you would like to use or reference the code, please contact GitHub user lockeanddemosthenes for permission.

## Tools
- [Github Pages](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/about-github-pages)
- [React](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app)
- [React-Select](https://github.com/jedwatson/react-select)
- [React-Tooltip](https://github.com/wwayne/react-tooltip)
- [use-between](https://github.com/betula/use-between)

## Art Credits
Images for canon characters are drawn by the official artist, Chinatsu Kurahana. See the disclaimer for more information. All other sprites are drawn by myself. \
The background image is adapted from a piece of concept art from *Fire Emblem: Three Houses*. See the disclaimer for more information. \
Images for canon crests, weapons, equipment, and abilities come from or are adapted from *Fire Emblem: Three Houses*. See the disclaimer for more information.

## Features
- Automatic hit %, crit %, and damage calculations for both attacker and defender
- Searchable participant selection
- Participant dropdown menus that sort by allegiance
- Searchable combat art selection
- Combat art dropdown menus that sort by weapon type
- Hover over crest, weapon, equipment, and abilities for more info
- View stats on the same page (toggle!)

## Upcoming Features
- Gambits
- Weapon change
- Stats on a menu to the side (?)
- Improved mobile compatibility

## Available Scripts
In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`
Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run deploy`
Deploys the current build to the gh-pages branch.

### `npm run build`
Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.
